Adding separate documentation file for IO types and Categories (#47)
movestore/movestore.github.io: create_py_app.md

![](files/InitApp_IOtype2.png)</kbd>

### Input and Output types

> Input and output (IO) types for Python are so far restricted to MovingPandas Trajectory Collections. Those can easily be transformed to GeoPandas objects. However, IO types can now be extended to any other movement related data types. After selecting Python as your Runtime Environment, check which types are available in the dropdown list. If you need a new IO type for your App, please go to `request a new IO type`. Please describe your request to us, link to the documentation of the new IO type and adapt our [cargo agent repository](https://github.com/movestore/cargo-agent-python) accordingly, by creating and linking to a pull request. See the [README](https://github.com/movestore/cargo-agent-python#readme) for details. Once an administrator has approved your IO type request, it will be available on the platform. Make sure to also provide [Translator Apps](translator.md) to/from other IO types to widen the usability of your App on MoveApps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Input and output (IO) types for Python are so far restricted to MovingPandas Trajectory Collections. Those can easily be transformed to GeoPandas objects. However, IO types can now be extended to any other movement related data types. After selecting Python as your Runtime Environment, check which types are available in the dropdown list. If you need a new IO type for your App, please go to `request a new IO type`. Please describe your request to us, link to the documentation of the new IO type and adapt our [cargo agent repository](https://github.com/movestore/cargo-agent-python) accordingly, by creating and linking to a pull request. See the [README](https://github.com/movestore/cargo-agent-python#readme) for details. Once an administrator has approved your IO type request, it will be available on the platform. If it makes sense you can also provide [Translator Apps](translator.md) to/from other IO types to widen the usability of your App on MoveApps.
```
